05/20
1. When you come back, continue reviewing JFrame and how to make a Frame appear 

05/21
1. When you come back, fix the sizes of the buttons as I want them look right
2. Then work on implementing the actions for those buttons

05/22
1. Got the Start Button Action to work while updating the textFields
2. Include a way to replace the start button with a pause button (switch them out)
3. Implement the Action of the Pause button (I have a feeling it will have to be related to something within the timer class)
4. I also noticed that the if and else's might slow down the program for big numbers which may make the timer a inaccurate
5. Also, I was testing out 1 min for the timer, and it says "finished" when it reached 48 seconds
6. Find a way to terminate the program when you press the "X" as it still runs when you close down the window

05/23
1. (ERROR) I just found a glitch where if you press start and pause so many times it runs the task that many times causing an over
   flow of actions and glitches
2. I realize that within one execution of the program, you can't change your "initial" value as it is only written once...
	Instead of only writing once, how about only writing to the initial variables when typing is involved? Like a Key Listener
	or something like that.
3. (ERROR) The user can still place three digits in one box which will cause an error (mainly logical)
4. (ERROR) Users can press stop without starting the timer, and that will cause an exception error
5. I am trying to find a good way to reset the timer to the initial values or whenver the user has typed in new values 
themselves.
6. When you come back, work on learning key event to update the values of the initial hour, min, and sec.


05/24
1. I am going to use a static variable isKey to show that a key has been pressed, and when a key has been pressed, then that
means that is when we update the initial values to return to
2. I am not sure if this is the proper way of doing it, but I made all of my field components have an keylistener 
3.(ERROR) You can't start when the values are of 0
4. When you come back, work on adding noise that loops itself when the timer has reached 0

05/26
1. (Improvement)Instead of using KeyListener use Key Bindings which is mainly used for Swing Objects like JFrame, JPanel, and
etc...


05/27
1. I manage to include a sound when the timer finishes, and it loops continuously, but I used my own class that I created by looking up a guide online
	a. PlaySound.java is the class that I created
2. When you come back, I want to make a pop up appear that says the timer is done with a button that will stop the timer and reset everything 


05/28
1. For the finishDisplay(), I had to seperate JTextField and JButton in different JPanels to align them in the center
2. I was having an issue with components not being shown in the JFrame (finishDisplay()), to fix this I needed to either 
	a. Use the revalidate()
	b. Set the setVisible(true) after adding in the components
	
3. I finished the basics for now
4. To change the sound, you must go on the PlaySound.java and change the string value